Removed timecourse from types and added to biomaterial core. Fixes #1511 (#1529)
HumanCellAtlas/metadata-schema: docs/jsonBrowser/core.md

biosamples_accession | A BioSamples accession. | string | no |  | BioSamples accession |  | SAMN00000000
insdc_sample_accession | An International Nucleotide Sequence Database Collaboration (INSDC) sample accession. | string | no |  | INSDC sample accession |  | SRS0000000
HDBR_accession | A Human Developmental Biology Resource (HDBR) sample accession. | string | no |  | HDBR accession |  | 34526; 14758, 2, liver

> timecourse | Information relating to a timecourse associated with this cell line. | object | no | [See module  timecourse](module.md#timecourse) | Timecourse |  | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
timecourse | Information relating to a timecourse associated with this biomaterial. | object | no | [See module  timecourse](module.md#timecourse) | Timecourse |  | 
```

I thought the documentation was automatically generated from the schema, so making the schema change I proposed in my previous review should have automatically caused this line to be updated, too.

Author: I believe it is automatically created with Git hooks upon a push but I'm not 100%. It seems to not work from a GitHub commit.

Author: Fixed

Reviewer: > It seems to not work from a GitHub commit.

Well, that's a problem.

Reviewer: Procedural comment: The author shouldn't resolve reviewer comments. Reviewers resolve their own comments when they feel they have been addressed.

From the [SOP](https://github.com/HumanCellAtlas/dcp2/blob/main/docs/dcp2_operating_procedures.rst#id8):

> If you accept the PR author's response to a comment made by the reviewer, mark the comment thread as resolved on Github.
